>> There are a lot of souls
that are at the same state
of consciousness.
That's why she keeps asking
questions of our futures,
because she can recognize
things that she's seen before.
She's from the future.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
My name is Isabel Amat.
I'm 54.
I live in Madrid.
My expertise is marketing,
brand, and communications.
I grew up in Barcelona.
I was born there.
My family from ages
was born in Barcelona.
I grew up in a Catholic family
as the rest of the country.
After years of going
to mass and going
through a lot of
religious experiences,
I started asking me questions.
I started having these
feeling inside of me
that I was not enough
comfortable with my religion.
I knew inside me that I had
to look for other places
to find answers.
I started asking me questions
about where I came from,
what is the real reason of life.
So I was 30 when I
suddenly lost my mom.
And two years after
that, I lost my dad.
And I really felt
like lost in life.
One of my best friends, Arantxa,
gave me a book from Brian Weiss,
"Many Lives, Many Masters."
And that was the moment when I
really started to understanding
more about the reason why we
are here in this life, why
this is part of a long journey.
From Brian Weiss, I
jumped to Michael Newton.
And wow, what a
discovery I found there.
My eyes were closed
until that moment.
And suddenly, someone pulled
off a fabric from my eyes.
And I really discovered
how big the purpose
of this life and previous
life and future lives.
I mean, you know that everything
happens for a purpose.
Life is not always what you see,
what is in front of your life.
There's much more to
discover and to experience.
And this is where I am.
So I work with
Sanela in the past.
And I'm super glad that
she works in Madrid.
And now I'm ready for one
new session of past life
regressions.
All those sessions are
helping me to find out
a lot of the answers
that I was looking
in this life and a lot of the
reasons why things happen.
When you are in a
session, you feel it
so deeply that when
you find a solution,
you say, wow, how
could have I been stuck
in this moment for
all this long time
when having this different
approach of reading,
I've been able to solve this.
And that was absolutely amazing.
My intention in this session is
to find out more about future
and see how can I collaborate
and support others
to grow as I'm growing.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> My name is Sanela Covic.
I live in Madrid, Spain, and
I am a Life Between Lives
facilitator.
Life Between Lives is
a regression modality
where the clients are taken
into a deep level of trance
with facilitators help to
reconnect with their soul
and find the answers
they hold within.
I grew up in former Yugoslavia.
I lived a really happy
childhood, happy life.
And then the war broke out.
And suddenly, your
friends are gone.
The war brought so much
fear when we were home
and then we would hear
the sirens announcing
air attack or RPG attack.
Many people still
live in that fear.
At that moment, I started
searching for a bigger
meaning of life like, who am I?
Why am I here?
I started reading books,
different religions,
to understand from
their point of view.
What's the purpose of a human
being on this planet, what
are we here to do.
Right after I
finished high school,
I applied for a
vacancy as interpreter
in the first European
police mission in Mostar.
After 10 years as
interpreter in my country
in Bosnia-Herzegovina, I decided
to change the course of my life
and move to Spain.
I always wanted to help people,
so I certified as a coach.
I started exploring clinical
hypnosis, hypnotherapy,
regression therapy,
past life regression.
I came across the title,
"Journey of Souls"
by Matthew Newton.
I read that book, and I
said, I want to do this.
I want to help people reconnect
with their purpose, understand
what they are here to do.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
I have three children.
And we all live here with
my husband in Madrid.
We come from
different countries.
We live in a third
country, totally different
from our own origins.
You can hear four different
languages at our home.
But everybody
understands each other.
So it's like a little
global village.
And that helps us as well
expand and understand each other
and have more compassion.
We are connected
with the purpose
and everybody is
here for a reason.
We will heal, and our healing
will help others heal.
I worked with Isabel
two years ago.
And she is back for another
Life Between Lives session
where I can help her find the
answers she is looking for
and reconnect with
her soul self.
Welcome, Isabel, and it's
such a pleasure having you
and working with you again.
>> This is the first time that
we'll do a session together
in English.
>> Yes.
So I understand that it's
been some time since we last
saw each other.
So would you like to
share a little bit, what
brings you back today?
>> Well, you know that I
experienced these sessions
together as a way to grow.
After the session, I work on
what the sessions have brought,
and I try to understand the
whys and to find answers.
And I think that I'm
now at this moment,
I want to have another session.
I want to know, I
have more questions.
And I know that you will
help me to find the answers
and to understand what
I'm looking for today.
>> Wonderful.
What would you like to
get in today's session?
What is it that you would
really like to take away?
>> I'm always
looking for guidance.
I know that everything
happens for a reason.
And sometimes you are
stuck in a situation
because you try to understand
the situation through your eyes.
And the solution is just
to take some distance
and try to look at what is
happening from different eyes
and from another
dimension of perspective.
You have to learn how to solve
the situation to move on.
>> This journey is all about
reconnecting with the soul.
The soul already
has all the answers.
But sometimes when we
are in this human body,
we are not always prepared
to receive those answers
at the specific time.
It takes time to
settle the information,
to ground what we
experience in the spirit
world in this human body.
It's a beautiful way of
expanding and growing
and learning and
enjoying the ride.
We are here to enjoy.
>> Enjoying the ride.
>> Enjoy the ride.
It's bumpy.
Sometimes it's good.
>> I like that.
>> It's fun.
It's hard.
But it's just another ride.
And you've been here before, so.
And yeah, there are different
questions concerning the planet.
And your role in
this whole shift
that's happening in the future.
>> Yeah, there's some meaning
behind this tough moment that we
have provoked to Mother Earth.
Is there a way
that we can release
to help the situation
improve and we really need
to fight together to solve it?
And I think this is
the new dimension.
It's not about our egos anymore.
It's about community,
about prosperity,
but in a different way, in
a way that helps us to grow.
And I think we are on the way.
>> I'm really excited to
hear the answers you will get
to that.
Then we have a
question about where
everything was born, like where
is the origin of everything.
>> I have a curious mind.
I'm always asking
a lot of questions.
I'm a communication person.
And I think the more information
we get about where everything
started, the origin of
human beings of the planet,
if we got that
information, it can help
us to think about the future.
>> So by understanding this,
what they are going to share
today, how will this
help Isabel in this life?
If you don't want to or
wish to add anything else,
we can make a short
break now, and we
will prepare for the session.
>> Perfectly.
Can't wait, Sanela.
>> And let me know what is
the first thing you notice.
>> I'm a little
baby, five years old.
>> Five years old?
A girl.
I'm in a park and my
family's a poor family,
we don't have money for food.
And on I'm in this
park, playground,
looking at another beautiful
girl like me, very well-dressed.
>> She finds herself
in the playground.
And I really wanted to
get more information.
>> I can feel that
this girl is lucky.
And she has everything
she wants and needs.
My clothes are very
simple and old.
>> Who is there with you?
>> I don't see anyone
from my family,
but it's a familiar
place for me.
I often go there to
play, and my mom knows.
It's just that they
work all the time.
And they give me the freedom
to go to a nearby playground
for kids.
>> Being born in
a humble family,
my parents were hard
to get some money.
Feeling gratitude
to them, but also
admiring another possible
life or situation
that I could have been born in.
>> I know the year.
It's 1930.
>> 1930.
What do they call you?
Can you tell me your name?
>> Tea.
T-E-A. Yes, Tea.
>> OK.
Tea.
>> I don't remember.
I mean, I don't have any
friends with this name.
And Tea showed up, very easily.
>> I would like you to go now
to another scene in that life,
to the next important event.
>> Wait, I know why I am
looking at the other girl.
>> At the moment when I want
to move her forward to see what
else is in that
life, she stops me.
>> This other girl is my mom.
I know it doesn't make sense.
>> OK.
Just take a deep breath.
I recognize her mom, my grandma.
>> OK.
>> Who will be my grandma.
Usually, you are
brought to a place
and you have something
to find out or to learn.
And then when Sanela asked me
to move on I said, no, wait.
And I looked at that girl
again and I recognized my mom.
I'm seeing my mom
at the playground.
Whoa.
>> OK, tell me more.
>> My mom is always
looking at her by her side.
>> Yeah.
>> And I compare all the time.
Because I'm always there alone.
And because I just
like to see her happy.
And I know that
she will be my mom,
but I won't see her anymore.
>> Move to the next
moment in your life.
Important moment.
>> I have a short life.
We got ill, all the family.
I don't know.
We don't have money
for medicines.
And a lot of kids died.
>> How old are you on this day?
>> Before 10, eight maybe.
>> Eight.
Around eight.
>> I always knew that I
would have a short life.
>> Tell me more about that.
>> A short experience in a human
body is the contrast of all
our life experiences where
I'm dying old, very old.
>> The souls pick a
specific length of the life,
depending on the lessons
or teachings that are about
to happen.
>> She had had other life
experiences with long, long,
long years to come.
>> When you look back
now at that life,
how was that life for you?
>> I was there
supporting the family.
I was there helping.
They wanted to
experience a short life.
So it was more for
them than for me.
>> Yeah.
>> The life experiences that
we have are not only for us,
for other soul purposes.
>> OK.
>> We want to support other
souls in their journeys
as souls.
We get reincarnated
within our group of souls.
They support us.
Some others we are the ones
who support our soul mates
in their decision
about the lessons
to learn in other
life experiences.
>> So I'm now going to move
her from the end of that life.
I want to ask her
what happens next.
>> I'm flying.
The light is warm, recharges me.
I wait for my masters
to pick me up.
I know my guides are
there waiting for me
and they're just giving me time.
It's a recharging moment.
It's a moment with myself.
It takes time to adapt
when you leave a body.
>> After especially difficult
life or difficult death,
the soul needs some
time to recharge.
So the guides will
come after the soul
is prepared, is recharged.
>> You need that moment with
yourself to understand what has
just happened, to extract the
meaning of that life and that
experience.
My guide is with me.
Elias.
>> Elias is there.
>> And he says I was
there all the time.
I was just letting
you have your moment.
You're never alone.
And I'm here with you when you
have requested my presence.
>> By placing attention
to something like OK,
I want to talk with my guide,
or just saying their names,
her guides wanted to show her
that they can always be there
when she mentally connects
with them intentionally.
Can you describe him?
>> Elias is my angel.
My main angel, my
protection angel, my guide.
He's super big, and giant.
Amazing, big, long wings.
He also has a body
with arms to hug me.
Always smiling.
The first thing that I
perceive from him is his light.
He's just hugging me with these
huge wings full of feathers.
He says that life was short.
Is it that you wanted
to see me again soon?
Laughing and joking.
He says you did well.
Really well.
>> There is no judgment.
The guides are loving
beings who are just
waiting for us to be ready
to move to the next level.
>> I just tell Elias I'm
so happy to be with him.
And he says, you can contact
me every time you need someone.
I'm always with you all around.
We are in close
communication all the time.
And also with the
rest of your guides.
You have thousands of guides.
We are always all connected.
He says that I'm always asking,
how can I connect with them.
>> Yeah.
>> We are energy, remember.
Most of the times,
while we are humans,
we make everything
difficult as humans
and we completely forget
to connect with them.
You humans try to
complicate everything.
Thoughts are powerful.
Don't waste time worrying.
Just enjoy.
And he laughs.
He's there ha, ha,
ha, like always.
>> We as humans
complicate everything.
Sometimes things
are really simple.
Just think about the name and
you are connected already.
So this is beautiful.
It's so simple.
Can you ask him to explain how
to generate proper thought?
>> He says that we attract
energy through our thought
vibration.
If we don't generate
the proper thought,
we may attract
what we don't want.
And he says, I know
this is not easy.
It's difficult to
change your mind
and start having
positive thoughts.
but that is the way it works.
We are all lighthouses.
We are energy.
We are also receivers
of energy, and we also
share energy all the time.
It's about vibrations.
When you are
experiencing problems,
try to meditate in
pure white light.
Don't let a bad
situation in your life
take you down because then
your thoughts will be negative
and then you are in
this hamster wheel.
Try to imagine yourself
being a lighthouse.
Stay positive.
>> We are all energy.
And this is really clear when
we are in the spirit world.
We connect with this knowing.
We connect with wisdom.
>> You can be in need of energy
and you receive it to improve
your knowledge, but you are also
sharing what you are learning
to others in the form of energy.
So it makes a perfect system.
>> Isabel came to this
session with some questions.
If it's OK, if it is the
right place now to ask.
>> They are laughing.
They say she's asking
for this for long time.
And this means that she's
ready to get these answers.
>> She really wanted to know
about the origins about where
everything was born.
>> This universe has no limit.
We are tiny parts of it.
The source is energy and love.
And from that source
was everything created.
They say this is about evolution
in all levels and in all senses,
and you are not alone.
There are a lot of guides
and very high energies that
are helping and supporting.
They always say
you are not alone.
You are not alone.
>> Sometimes we feel alone, but
this is just another reminder
that we are not alone.
There are always guides
there to help you.
>> What is Isabel's role in this
critical point in the evolution?
>> She's from the future.
She has experienced
these other dimensions.
There are a lot
of souls that are
at the same state
of consciousness.
That's why she keeps
asking questions
about future because
she can recognize things
that she's seen before.
All the souls evolve from
following their curiosity.
>> Curiosity exists
and has always existed.
It's totally natural and
logical that the soul will also
develop through curiosity.
Is it now a good
moment to reconnect
with those beautiful souls.
>> One of my masters, Khun--
>> OK.
>> K-H-U-N, Khun is the master
of balance, and he says,
slow down, baby, slow down.
You've been in the future,
but you live in the present.
Take a breath.
You don't need
anybody to push you,
you're pushing yourself alone.
Also recommend me
don't go too fast.
Just enjoy the moment sometimes.
Just stop and think.
>> Enjoy the moment.
>> And live life, yeah.
That was like, when somebody
stop you and remembers you
that you have to
live the moment.
Don't go too fast.
And sometimes it's
better to slow down.
>> The sessions are always
about the current life,
about our learnings,
about experiences.
She is coming from the future,
but what does it mean for her?
It means that she needs to slow
down because she already knows
it, knows what will happen.
But she just needs to
slow down a little bit
and to enjoy the ride.
>> She has too much energy.
She's always ready
for what's next.
And it's a common trait
in the group of souls
that she is part of.
>> OK.
I need to slow down
them most of the time.
>> So if you could
name the group,
what would be the
name of the group?
>> He says, the energetic group.
I don't see any other
name that fits better.
>> Energetic group.
She's really pure energy.
And then we find that she
belongs to the energetic group.
So what are the odds.
>> I guess, that I am part
of the energetic group
because it's the way I am.
I never stop.
I love sport.
I run.
I'm very fast with my movements.
I am always ready to move.
>> How do you feel about
all that you have learned?
>> I feel that I'm loved.
That I'm lucky to be surrounded
by friends and family.
I feel excited about
challenges in the future,
but I feel ready to
support and help others.
Everything is fine.
They say everything's fine.
Learning is endless.
It never finishes.
>> This was all about balance.
All about taking a moment and
slow down and enjoy the present.
>> This session today was so
helpful because it helped me
make sense of a lot of the
things that I experience in this
life.
Because it gives me a lot
of confidence in myself
and the gratitude
that now I feel,
the deep understanding
that I got.
And I can't wait for the
next challenges of my life.
>> How long do you
think this session was?
>> Two, three hours?
>> Almost four, actually.
Yeah.
Stop, find balance, live in the
present, and enjoy the ride.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> So it's been two weeks from
my session, and I feel great.
I learned I'm from the future.
Now, I can explain
a lot of things
that are happening in my life.
Why I feel attracted by
technology, by innovation.
I come from an
energetic group, which
means that we are
full of energy,
always ready for action, always
pushing to learn and to know
more about people we
cross, about everything
that claims our attention.
And it really, really, really
makes me think about me
the way I am today because it's
exactly what the Masters define.
The session really showed me
how far we can go as souls,
and how much we have to
grow and learn in every life
that we are experiencing.
And what it really,
really taught
me is that we will
never, never be alone.
Everything happens
because of a reason.
Thank you, Sanela.
I really have a
journey into my soul,
and I'm excited for what
the future awaits for us.
[MUSIC PLAYING]